# Project 3 Meeting 3 Minutes
Minutes (03/09/2024 Tuesday 2:15pm)

## Group Members: 
1. Julian Bonitz (1067373)
2. Can Senyurt (1079752)
3. Michele Sembiring Meliala (1342923)
4. Aarav Nair (1287210)

## Agenda:
• Received our shapefile data https://s3.ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/cl-isd-prd-datashare-s3-delivery/Order_MUYRC6.zip from DataShare VIC https://datashare.maps.vic.gov.au/ 
    - Might look on other shapefile data available since our map consist of roads and psotcodes (irrelevant to our project)
• Decided on 4 external datasets choices: public transport (ptv), school, supermarkets, hospital 

## Project Task Allocation:
• Can and Michele: decide which shapefiles to use by running map of each 
• Julian and Aarav: scrape API of domain estate

## Signed: 
All members were present on Tuesday 03/09/2024:
1. Julian Bonitz (1067373)
2. Can Senyurt (1079752)
3. Michele Sembiring Meliala (1342923)
4. Aarav Nair (1287210)


